Addition of the GC modules to the user manual (#32)
haddocking/haddock3-user-manual: src/modules/refinement.md

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`[openmm]` module](#openmm-module)
- [`[cgtoaa]` module](#cgtoaa-module)

```

- [`[flexref]` module](#flexref-module)
- [`[mdref]` module](#mdref-module)
- [`[openmm]` module](#openmm-module)

> - [`[openmm]` module](#openmm-module)
> - [`[cgtoaa]` module](#cgtoaa-module)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`[openmm]` module](#openmm-module)
- [`[cgtoaa]` module](#cgtoaa-module)
```

<hr>

## `[cgtoaa]` module

> Backmapping of of Coarse-Grained (CG) models into their All-Atom (AA) counterpart.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Backmapping of Coarse-Grained (CG) models into their All-Atom (AA) counterpart.
```

The `[cgtoaa]` module performs the backmapping of the CG representation into AA. 

> The back-mapping procedure uses the distance restraints (tables *_cg_to_aa.tbl) automatically generated by `[topocg]` module. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The back-mapping procedure uses the distance restraints (`*_cg_to_aa.tbl`) that were automatically generated by [`[topocg]`](https://www.bonvinlab.org/haddock3-user-manual/modules/topology.html#topocg-module) module and propagated all along the workflow. 
```

During the initial CG mapping stage in `[topocg]`, atoms-to-bead restraints are defined, consisting of one distance restraint per bead (upper limit of 0Å) between the geometric center of the atoms and the bead to which they belong. 
These restraints are used to morph the starting respective AA single structures onto the CG modelled complex. 

This back-mapping protocol consists of three main steps: 

> - (i) An initial fitting of the single AA structures onto their CG counterparts by restrained energy minimisation using the atoms-to-bead distance restraints, downscaling the intermolecular interactions to avoid clashes between molecules;  

Reviewer: Avoiding clashes or avoiding high energy induced by potential clashes ?

Reviewer 2: Changed

- (ii) short cycles of restrained minimization and molecular dynamics introducing conformational changes into the AA structures to match the conformation of the CG model, gradually increasing the interaction strength between molecules and; 
- (iii) final optimisation and clash removal through additional rounds of minimization and brief MD. 

> During all those steps, the CG model is kept rigid and fixed in space. Both AA and CG models co-exist, but don’t see each other except through the effect of the CG to AA distance restraints.

Reviewer: Can we consider that the CG model is considered are a shape ?

Reviewer 2: I would not speak of shape here is it will be confusing. You might have  a shape with a CG model and these would be different things.

The back-mapping procedure uses the distance restraints (`*_cg_to_aa.tbl`) that were automatically generated by [`[topocg]`](https://www.bonvinlab.org/haddock3-user-manual/modules/topology.html#topocg-module) module and propagated all along the workflow. 
During the initial CG mapping stage in `[topocg]`, atoms-to-bead restraints are defined, consisting of one distance restraint per bead (upper limit of 0Å) between the geometric center of the atoms and the bead to which they belong. 
These restraints are used to morph the starting respective AA single structures onto the CG modelled complex. 

This back-mapping protocol consists of three main steps: 
- (i) An initial fitting of the single AA structures onto their CG counterparts by restrained energy minimisation using the atoms-to-bead distance restraints, downscaling the intermolecular interactions to avoid high energies due to clashes between molecules;  
- (ii) short cycles of restrained minimization and molecular dynamics introducing conformational changes into the AA structures to match the conformation of the CG model, gradually increasing the interaction strength between molecules and; 

> - (iii) final optimisation and clash removal through additional rounds of minimization and brief MD. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. An initial fitting of the single AA structures onto their CG counterparts by restrained energy minimisation using the atoms-to-bead distance restraints, downscaling the intermolecular interactions to avoid high energies due to clashes between molecules;  
2. short cycles of restrained minimization and molecular dynamics introducing conformational changes into the AA structures to match the conformation of the CG model, gradually increasing the interaction strength between molecules and; 
3. final optimisation and clash removal through additional rounds of minimization and brief MD. 
```
